The stone really said son
Yoyo has nothing to do with me
Hello Chen
Find a way
Help me get 0 Yoyo and Stone's hair
I want a DNA test.
Why do you suddenly need a DNA test?
No, absolutely not.
Material bass samples are ready
Hey, it's so late, why is Chen Tezhu here?
Let's go down first
It's so late, why haven't you slept yet?
I just finished my homework with Stone
He arrived at a new kindergarten
Well done
Taniyama, don't be angry with him
After all, the stone is your only son
The child should be punished for making a mistake
But there is a reward for good performance
I want to take him to Europe this weekend
But my credit card
I'll help you recover tomorrow.
I'm tired, I'll go to bed first.
Thanks to DNA.
Stone's identity is a thorough job
I can sit back and relax too
Hello
It's you, Tingzi
I am the father of the stone
You tell that stinky girl
Don't think you can get away with divorce?